README.md, before:

# Azure OpenAI: Generative AI Models and How to Use Them
This is the repository for the LinkedIn Learning course `Azure OpenAI: Generative AI Models and How to Use Them`. The full course is available from [LinkedIn Learning][lil-course-url].

## Instructions
This repository has branches for each of the videos in the course. You can use the branch pop up menu in github to switch to a specific branch and take a look at the course at that stage, or you can add `/tree/BRANCH_NAME` to the URL to go to the branch you want to access.

## Branches
The branches are structured to correspond to the videos in the course. The naming convention is `CHAPTER#_MOVIE#`. As an example, the branch named `02_03` corresponds to the second chapter and the third video in that chapter. 
Some branches will have a beginning and an end state. These are marked with the letters `b` for "beginning" and `e` for "end". The `b` branch contains the code as it is at the beginning of the movie. The `e` branch contains the code as it is at the end of the movie. The `main` branch holds the final state of the code when in the course.

When switching from one exercise files branch to the next after making changes to the files, you may get a message like this:

    error: Your local changes to the following files would be overwritten by checkout:        [files]
    Please commit your changes or stash them before you switch branches.
    Aborting

To resolve this issue:
	
    Add changes to git using this command: git add .
	Commit changes using this command: git commit -m "some message"

## Installing
1. To use these exercise files, you must have the following installed:
	- [list of requirements for course]
2. Clone this repository into your local machine using the terminal (Mac), CMD (Windows), or a GUI tool like SourceTree.
3. [Course-specific instructions]

## Instructor

Instructor name

Instructor description

                            

Check out my other courses on [LinkedIn Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/instructors/).


[0]: # (Replace these placeholder URLs with actual course URLs)

[lil-course-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/learning/
[lil-thumbnail-url]: http://

Commit message:

Add new data files for embedding and audio resources
- Added a new binary file `data-embedding.pkl` for data embeddings.
- Added a new audio file `wikipediaOcelot.wav` for sound resources.

README.md, after:

# Azure OpenAI: Generative AI Models and How to Use Them
This is the repository for the LinkedIn Learning course `Azure OpenAI: Generative AI Models and How to Use Them`. The full course is available from [LinkedIn Learning][lil-course-url].

## Instructions
This code for this coure is under the "code" folder, found on the left column of the interface. 

## Instructor

Sammy Deprez

Sammy Deprez is a seasoned Data and AI Solution architect with a focus on the Microsoft Stack and Microsoft AI MVP.

Sammy is a seasoned data and AI Solution architect, with a decade of experience. From finance to healthcare, he has successfully delivered projects across diverse industries, specializing in the Microsoft Stack. In 2015, he transitioned his expertise to Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Notably, in 2017, Sammy co-founded a company that leverages AI and Microsoft tools to unlock organizations' full potential. Recognized for his contributions to the tech community through knowledge sharing and event organization, he proudly received the Microsoft MVP award in AI.                            

Check out my other courses on [LinkedIn Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/instructors/sammy-deprez).


[0]: # (Replace these placeholder URLs with actual course URLs)

[lil-course-url]: https://www.linkedin.com/learning/
[lil-thumbnail-url]: http://
